enable other start values (#396)
openpharma/mmrm: NEWS.md

### New Features

- `Anova` is implemented for `mmrm` models and available upon loading the `car` package. It supports type II and III hypothesis testing.

> - The argument `start` for `mmrm_control()` is updated to allow string/function/numeric input for better
> choices of initial values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the starting values for the unstructured covariance matrix are taken from the empirical residual covariance matrix. 
- The argument `start` for `mmrm_control()` is updated to allow for more flexible input for better
choice of the starting values.
```

Author: switch back to use the `std_start`
